# Cucumber_TestCafe_Project

# Understadning of the folder structure
1. Folder - .vscode - contains settings.json filed
    settings.json - Plugin settings for Cucumber related files like feature file and step definitions file.This allows auto-completion of gherkin commands and assist in designing the cucumber files.

2. Folder - feature
    Sub Folder step_definitions - contains all the step definition file
        filter_by_name_steps.js - step definition file corresponding to filter_by_name.feature file.
    Sub Folder support - contians cucumber files to run the code efficinetly.
        cucumberWorld.js - Import setWorldConstructor from cucumber-js
        hooks.js - Import hook keywords from cucumber.Create a timeout variable with a value
        testControllerHolder.js - This function is used to capture the testController object and return a promise to be resolved when the Cucumber script finishes

3. File - filter_by_name.feature - contains all the test scenarios usin BDD language

4. Folder - node_modules - contains all the necessarey node moudles required to run this project.

5. Folder - Report - contain json and html reports generated by cucumber. Also have screenshots generated as a result of each run.

6. File - .gitignore - mentioned the files folder which we do not push to github.

7. File - index.js - Plugin settings for "cucumber-html-reporter" plugin. This helps us to generate the HTML report

8. package.json - dependecies that are required to run this project


# how to Run the Code
1. Clone the repository in a local folder
2. Open the folder in VSCode
3. From VSCode > Terminal install the node modules using "npm install"
4. Run the code using "npm test" command
5. After successful script run, generate the html report using "npm run generateReport"


Cucumber + TestCafe framework for UI Testing
